Release notes role handbook update detailing new process (#1213)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/release-notes/README.md

### Machine and GitHub Setup

#### Setup krel

Install Go in your machine and follow the [instructions to build the release tools](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/tree/master/docs/krel#installation) in your machine. Check the system requirements in the krel documentation.   

#### Get a GitHub token

4. Obtain GitHub API Token with the repo scope:
https://github.com/settings/tokens

> - [X] repo

Reviewer: Comments: 

- @JamesLaverack showed an API token with far higher permissions than described in the doc here during their demo. Is this accurate still?
- Nit: s/API Token/Personal Access Token (follow the same wording as GitHub's UI to reduce confusion for first time readers.

Reviewer: Tried `krel release-notes` with a key with these perms just now and it failed with:

```
git@github.com: Permission denied (publickey).
fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
```

Which makes sense, these perms don't give read/write 🙃. `echo $GITHUB_TOKEN` works correctly though?

Author: I think the permissions listed work, no need to have more. I'm not 100% sure if they're the bare minimum though. I changed  API Token to Personal Access Token.

    - [X] repo:invite

#### Fork the kubernetes repositories

> You will need to fork two repositories to you GitHub account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fork the following repositories to your GitHub account, and clone them using SSH:
```

>  - [`kubernetes/sig-release`](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release): This is where you will push regular PRs to keep the Release Notes draft up to date.

Reviewer: Question:

[Over here in the krel documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/docs/krel/release-notes.md#update-the-release-notes-markdown-draft) it's indicated that `krel release-notes` will create a fork of `kubernetes/sig-release` when the command runs:

> `krel release-notes` will clone k/sig-release, create a branch, write the draft markdown and then push the new branch back to your fork in GitHub.

However, a few lines down in the above:

> ... your GitHub user (the organization that owns your fork of k/sig-release)

The reason I bring this up is: **does `krel` expect a user have a fork of sig-release prior to use?

Follow-up question: does `krel` expect that the fork's repo name is `sig-release`? I participate in lots of CNCF projects – I tend to rename generic-sounding repos (i.e. `release`) to `kubernetes-release` to keep my life in github manageable.

Author: Not really, you can specify only your user but the tool takes a repository slug too:

```
      --fork string         the user's fork in the form org/repo. Used to submit Pull Requests for the website and draft
```

Detailed instructions for generating the release notes bundles are in the [krel release-notes subcommand documentation](https://github.com/kubernetes/release/blob/master/docs/krel/release-notes.md).

### Periodically review and fix new release notes

The Release Notes team must make sure that the final document includes well written and 
informative release notes. To achieve a high-quality document the team should review and edit the

> notes by running `krel release-notes --fix` periodically.

Author: I think we should suggest doing recurring (weekly or bi-weekly) runs to lower the amount of reviews and at least one after each pre-release, wdyt?

> notes by running `krel release-notes --fix` periodically.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, then do we wanna change it to "weekly"?

> notes by running `krel release-notes --fix` periodically.

Reviewer 3: I expect we might need some discression here. For example in the 1.19 cycle there was a two week break for KubeCon. If we were using this system at the time I expect we would not have done weekly rechecks when nothing has changed.

> notes by running `krel release-notes --fix` periodically.

Author: How about "_weekly or as often as development pace demands"_?

> notes by running `krel release-notes --fix` periodically.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good :+1:
